Fix deepseeed crash with Sentence Transformer Trainer (#1328)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/sentence-transformers-training/nli/README.md

HABANA_VISIBLE_MODULES="2,3" python ../../gaudi_spawn.py --use_deepspeed --world_size 2 training_nli.py bert-base-uncased
```

> # intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct Model

Reviewer: @nngokhale the headers and sub-headers do not make sense! you have `Single-card Training` under `General Models` and later have `intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct Model` at the same level as `General Models` 
Please review the REAME and make reasonable adjustment!

Author: Done

## Single-card Training with LoRA+gradient_checkpointing

> Due to the pretraining for intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct needs around 130G memory so one hpu memory (98G) can not afford the training for this model. We can use LoRA + gradient_checkpointing to reduce the memory requirement for one hpu card. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pretraining the `intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct` model requires approximately 130GB of memory, which exceeds the capacity of a single HPU, Gaudi 2 with 98GB memory. To address this, we can utilize LoRA and gradient checkpointing techniques to reduce the memory requirements, making it feasible to train the model on a single HPU.
```

```bash
python training_nli_lora.py intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct
```

## Multi-card Training with Deepspeed Zero2/3

> Due to the pretraining for intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct needs around 130G memory so one hpu memory (98G) can not afford the training for this model. We need use the zero2/zero3 stage (model parallel) of deepspeed to reduce the memory requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pretraining the `intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct` model requires approximately 130GB of memory, which exceeds the capacity of a single HPU (Gaudi 2 with 98GB memory). To address this, we can use the Zero2/Zero3 stages of DeepSpeed (model parallelism) to reduce the memory requirements.
```

> We have tested that at least 4 hpu memories can satisfy the training of this model as below (Deepspeed Zero2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our tests have shown that training this model requires at least four HPUs when using DeepSpeed Zero2.
```

```bash
python ../../gaudi_spawn.py --world_size 4 --use_deepspeed training_nli_deepspeed_zero2.py intfloat/e5-mistral-7b-instruct
```

> In the command we need setup the lazy mode with the learning rate of 1e-7 and also deepspeed config of "ds_config.json". You need change the stage to 3 (Deepspeed Zero3) in "ds_config.json" if you want to reduce memory further. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In above command, we need to enable lazy mode with a learning rate of `1e-7` and configure DeepSpeed using the `ds_config.json` file. To further reduce memory usage, change the stage to 3 (DeepSpeed Zero3) in the `ds_config.json` file.
```

Reviewer: @nngokhale since learning rate is important. Is it possible to point the user where they should change or create input arg for that? (personal suggestion)
